SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
The Borrower hereby agrees to:
5.1 Financial Statements. Furnish to the Lender:
(a) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each
fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the audited balance sheet of the Borrower as at the
end of such year and the related audited statements of income and of cash flows for such
year, reported on by an independent certified public accounting firm of nationally
recognized standing; and
(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 60 days after the end of each
of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower, a copy of the unaudited balance sheet of
the Borrower as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited statements of income
for such quarter, in each case excluding footnotes.
5.2 Other Information. Furnish to the Lender:
(a) upon receipt from the Administrator, each of the Daily Summary Report
and the Payment Calculation Report;
(b) promptly upon receipt thereof, duplicates or copies of all other reports,
notices, requests, demands, certificates, financial statements and other instruments and
similar writings furnished to the Borrower under any Operative Document; and
(c) promptly, such additional financial and other information as the Lender
may from time to time reasonably request.
5.3 Payment of Obligations. Except as otherwise contemplated by the
Operative Documents, pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they
become delinquent, as the case may be, all its material obligations of whatever nature, except
where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on
the books of the Borrower.
5.4 Maintenance of Existence; Compliance. (a)(1) Preserve, renew and keep
in full force and effect its organizational existence and (2) take all reasonable action to maintain
all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business;
(b) comply with all material Requirements of Law and (c) punctually perform and observe all of
its obligations and agreements contained in the Operative Documents to which it is a party and
under all other Contractual Obligations included in the LLC Assets (it being understood that such
performance or observance may be undertaken by the Administrator, the relevant Manager or
Custodian on the Borrower’s behalf). The Borrower may contract with other Persons to assist it
in performing its duties under the Operative Documents and its other Contractual Obligations,
and any performance of such duties by a Person identified to the Lender shall be deemed to be
action taken by the Borrower. Initially, the Borrower has contracted with the Administrator,
Manager, and Custodian to assist the Borrower in performing its duties under the Operative
Documents.
5.5 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. (a) Keep proper
books of records and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP
and all Requirements of Law shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its
business and activities, and (b) permit representatives of the Lender to visit and examine and
make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time and as often as may
reasonably be desired and to discuss the business, assets and financial and other condition of the
Borrower with officers and employees of the Custodian, the Administrator and the relevant
Manager and with the Borrower’s independent certified public accountants.